Hmm, you seem to have found the following senetences.
One of the simplest examples of a substitution cipher is the Caesar cipher,
which is said to have been used by Julius Caesar to communicate with his army.
Caesar is considered to be one of the first persons to have ever employed encryption for the sake of securing messages.
Caesar decided that shifting each letter in the message would be his standard algorithm,
and so he informed all of his generals of his decision, and was th
Therefore, it follows that only you can ever know you and only I can ever know I directly. Between your consciousness and mine, there exists a wide gap that cannot be bridged. We may work together, live together, come to love or hate each other. But our mind can never be understood entirely by other people. We must live our own lives, think our own thoughts, and arrive at our own destiny.
Then, what is mind? What is the thing that we call consciousness? The only way to know what mind is, is to look into our own consciousness and observe what is happening there. In the language of the psychologist, we must　introspect. Because one can never come to understand the nature of mind and its laws of working by listening to lectures or reading text books alone. There is no psychology in the text, but only in your living, flowing stream of thought and mine. Indeed, the lecture and the book may tell us what to look for when we introspect, and how to understand what we find. But the descriptions about our minds must be confirmed by our own observation and experience.
When people talk about Japan, they would always think about how innovative and technological this country gets! Or how pretty and neat the country is! Last but not the least, fashion, Cosplay and hype beast were always a big thing in the city of Japan. Coming to Japan with the intention of tourism would have been a great experience. Different culture. You can find a lot of unique things they sell in Japan! But as you live in Japan, you interact with the locals and everything doesn’t seem the way you thought of Japan.

　First thing I would like to discuss is how Japanese people are not flexible. They were taught to follow the rules and orders, which is good at some points but not so good at some points. There are always advantage and disadvantage.
